This is release 3.5.1 of the SAL SDK (July 11, 2017)

Please refer to the SAL User Guide for installation instructions.

Changes for 3.5.1

Provide compatability with the LSST OpenSpliceDDS 6.7 release
(salgenerator now avoids hardcoding the OpenSplice release number into the maven project generator)

Changes for 3.5.0

The LabVIEW interface is now based on passing Cluster datatypes which should make
it easier to use. The VI generation process is a little more involved, so please refer to 
the updated user guide (chapter 9) for more information.
    
The LabVIEW shared memory Monitor has been upgraded to support multiple (50) simulataneous
LabVIEW connections per machine and subsystem (due to this change, calling shmRelease prior
to application exit is now mandatory).
  
Removed sample XML object definition files to avoid confusion of versions. The definitive XML
should always be retreived from the LSST Stash ts_xml repository.
     
The Python interface has been modified to incorporate control of the Global Interpreter Lock
(GIL) to allow the DDS threads sufficient cpu time under high load conditions.

Added new commandable subsystems for DM (archiver, catchuparchiver, and processingcluster)
and OCS (sequencer).

Added salgenerator error detection for "no language" selected when using sal code generation.

Added hooks for per-topic QoS tuning control in future.

Added bandwidth documentation updater

Enhanced SAL object table html format table output

Added LABVIEW_HOME environment variable to permit user control

Added LSST_DDS_DOMAIN environment variable to allow DDS partitioning to 
isolate users when testing on the same network.



Changes for 3.4

Added generic Event types
Added Java controller tests
Added m2ms Telemetry items
Added ocs commands

Changes for 3.3

Add Dome commandable sub-systems for the major elements

Changes for 3.2.1 : 

Passed comprehensive Continuous Integration Python tests

Added LSST_[subsystem]_ID environment variable to select required instance
of subsytem at runtime (used for hexapod and rotator currently)

The Python interface has been modified to incorporate control of the Global Interpreter Lock
(GIL) to allow the DDS threads sufficient cpu time under high load conditions.

Changes for 3.2.0 : 

Passed initial Continuous Integration Python tests

Changes for 3.1.1 : 

Added SWIG based code generation option.

Passed Continuous Integration C++ tests

